publish 23.0.0.3 blog post (#3047)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2023-04-04-23.0.0.3.adoc

---
layout: post
title: "Jakarta EE 10, MicroProfile 6, and Java SE 20 support in Open Liberty 23.0.0.3"
# Do NOT change the categories section
categories: blog
author_picture: https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/mbroz2
author_github: https://github.com/mbroz2
seo-title: Jakarta EE 10, MicroProfile 6, and Java SE 20 support in Open Liberty 23.0.0.3 - OpenLiberty.io

> seo-description: We're thrilled to announce the release of Open Liberty 23.0.0.3, one of the biggest releases of the runtime since its debut over 5 years ago!  This release includes Jakarta EE 10 (Core Profile, Web Profile, and Platform), MicroProfile 6, and Java SE 20 support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seo-description: General availability of Jakarta EE 10 (Core Profile, Web Profile, and Platform), MicroProfile 6, and Java SE 20 support in Open Liberty 23.0.0.3 for Java developers to build cloud-native applications using the latest open specifications (APIs).
```
